[Doc+] Add Secure Connection to Setup CCR Tutorial (#103237)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ccr/getting-started.asciidoc

To configure a remote cluster from Stack Management in {kib}:

> . Setup a <<add-remote-clusters,secure connection>> as needed.

Reviewer: and a little baby nitpick while i'm here - verb form of "setup" is two words :)

```suggestion
. Set up a <<add-remote-clusters,secure connection>> as needed.
```

> . Setup a <<remote-clusters-security,secure connection>> as needed.

Reviewer 2: @stefnestor this ID doesn't exist per the buildkite failed build error message

Author: Thanks, @leemthompo ! That'll be because the docs reorganized the pages since when I filed the PR, sorry. It looks like your team [moved the section to here](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/remote-clusters.html#add-remote-clusters) with id reference `add-remote-clusters`. 

I'm unfamiliar with editing a branch after filing since [the guide](https://elasticco.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CC/pages/48203730/Filing+documentation+issues+for+Elastic+Cloud) is fully UI, but I expect it'll be easy if you'll give me a couple hours to figure it out after my next call ends :)

Author: Okay fixed 🙏
